What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	It creates a .git directory in that location. It will save the metadata and begin tracking our files version histories for us.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	The Stagging area is different from the working directory because, it takes the files from the working directory as a getting ready to commit area.
	The Stagging area is different from the repository because, the actual repository has the already existing commited files and the stagging area is like a pre commit or getting ready to commit area and is subject to be changed by the user.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	
	You can preview your files you want to change and ask yourself, is this one logical change for this commit? if not, then remove some files fromthe the staging area and commit with one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Branchecs will be helpful when you have multiple logical changes that you are working on at the same time and you don have to worry about one desin interupting the main or other features you are experimenting on.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagrams help you visualize your code a whol lot better than just running thee linear git log. This makes it a log more human readable too.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	
	The result of merging two branches together is the merged code and therefor the merged features of the mater and coins branches.
	We represent it int he diagram in this manner because every commit in git has a parent node. This commit parents need to be traced to the common nodes. The diagram makes it very human readable.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	
	The pros of auto merging is that it saves you time. However, the con is that when there is a conflict, you have to manually check the conflicts with will take extra effort.


